# TICM-Demo

## Results
These results are for the accuracy of Detection Text which are generated by AI/Human.

- **Ensemble of Naive Bayes and Stochastic Gradient Descent**

    - **5k samples**
        - Accuracy: 0.96055 (96.055%)
        - Explanation: Trained on a subset of 5,000 samples obtained from LlaMa2 and BBC news. Both the training and test sets consist of 5,000 samples each, with each input text containing more than 500 words.
        
    - **50k samples**
        - Accuracy: 0.98969 (98.969%)
        - Explanation: Trained on a larger subset of 50,000 samples from the dataset. Improved accuracy was achieved with a more extensive training set. Both the training and test datasets comprise 50,000 samples each, with each text containing more than 500 words.
        - [Link to Used Dataset for Training](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/thedrcat/daigt-proper-train-dataset)
        - [Link to Used Dataset for Testing](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/thedrcat/daigt-v2-train-dataset)
        
    - **Kaggle Competition**
        - Public Score: 0.828509 (82.8509%)
        - Private Score: 0.937106 (93.7106%)
        - Explanation: Participated in a Kaggle competition with the model. Achieved different scores on the public and private leaderboards, indicating the model's generalisation ability.
        - The data provided for the public and private datasets is not disclosed.
        - [Link to Kaggle Competition](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/llm-detect-ai-generated-text)

## Overview

This repository contains a demonstration of text classification using various machine learning models. The primary objective is to classify essays into different categories based on their content, i.e. Human or AI written.

## Project Details
- **Data Source:** The dataset comprises essays provided in CSV format, please refer to the Dataset for Training and Testing links.
- **Objective:** The project aims to build a system to detect text written by AI.

## Overview

This repository showcases an analysis of health-focused project obtained from Kaggle. The project's main objective is to achieve accurate diagnosis of brain tumors from the given images.

# Installation

To set up the required environment and dependencies for this project, you can use `pipenv`. If you don't have `pipenv` installed, you can install it using `pip`:

*pip install pipenv*

Once pipenv is installed, you can create a virtual environment and install the project's dependencies by running the following commands in the project's root directory:

*pipenv install*

This will create a virtual environment and install all the necessary packages specified in the Pipfile and Pipfile.lock.

### Activation

Begin by activating the virtual environment using the following command:

*pipenv shell*

This command initializes the virtual environment, ensuring that your project executes with the specified dependencies.

### Running Scripts

Once the virtual environment is active, you have two options for running your project:

#### Python Script

To execute a Python script `my_script.py`, utilise the following command:

*pipenv run python my_script.py*

#### Jupyter Notebook

If you are working with a Jupyter Notebook and wish to open a specific notebook file `my_script.ipynb`, execute the following command:

*jupyter notebook and then select my_script.ipynb*

#### Deactivation

Upon completing your work within the virtual environment, you can deactivate it by entering `exit` in the terminal

# Usage
The main script in this project performs the following tasks:

1. **Data Loading:** Load the essays dataset from CSV files.
2. **Preprocessing:** Clean and preprocess the text data, including tokenization.
3. **Feature Engineering:** Convert the text data into numerical features using TF-IDF vectorization.
4. **Model Training:** Train machine learning models (Multinomial Naive Bayes, Stochastic Gradient Descent, and Ensemble) on the training data.
5. **Model Evaluation:** Evaluate the performance of trained models on the test data.
6. **Output Generation:** Generate predictions and save them to a CSV file.